mobile-debug-attempts.md, before:

# Mobile Display Debug Attempts

## Problem Description
- The app displays correctly when desktop browser is resized to mobile dimensions
- On actual mobile devices (iOS/Android), the layout breaks with horizontal overflow
- The form inputs and table are cut off on the right side

## Key Observation
**This works in desktop browser responsive mode but NOT on actual mobile devices**, suggesting it's a mobile-specific viewport/rendering issue, not a CSS breakpoint issue.

## Attempts Made

### Attempt 1: Basic Responsive CSS (PARTIAL SUCCESS - kept some changes)
**Changes:**
- Added `box-sizing: border-box` globally
- Added `overflow-x: hidden` to html and body
- Added mobile media queries for padding reduction
- Set input font-size to 16px to prevent iOS zoom
- Added width: 100% and box-sizing to containers

**Result:** Some improvements but main issue persists
**Status:** Kept these changes as they're good practices

### Attempt 2: Viewport Meta Tag Changes (FAILED - reverted)
**Changes:**
- Changed viewport meta to include `maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no`
- Added `max-width: 100vw` to body, #root, and app-layout
- Added `position: relative` to html/body for Safari
- Changed table-layout from fixed to auto on mobile

**Result:** Made things worse - broke the layout
**Status:** Reverted with git revert

## Potential Solutions to Try

### Option 1: Minimal Viewport Approach
```html
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, minimum-scale=1.0">
```
- Don't restrict maximum-scale or user-scalable
- Let users pinch-zoom if needed

### Option 2: Container Query Approach
- Use container queries instead of viewport-based media queries
- This would make components responsive to their container size, not viewport

### Option 3: CSS Grid/Flexbox Refinement
- Remove all fixed/max-widths on mobile
- Use fr units for grid instead of fixed percentages
- Ensure flexbox items can shrink properly with flex-shrink

### Option 4: Debug with Safari DevTools
- Connect iPhone to Mac
- Use Safari Developer menu to inspect actual mobile rendering
- Look for computed styles that differ from desktop

### Option 5: JavaScript Viewport Detection
- Add JS to detect actual viewport size on mobile
- Apply different styles based on actual device detection
- Log viewport dimensions to see what mobile browsers report

### Option 6: Remove All Width Constraints on Mobile
```css
@media (max-width: 768px) {
    * {
        max-width: none !important;
        width: auto !important;
        min-width: 0 !important;
    }
    
    .specific-container {
        width: 100% !important;
    }
}
```

## Next Steps
1. Try each solution incrementally
2. Test on actual device after each change
3. Keep what works, revert what doesn't
4. Consider that the issue might be with the table virtualization library

Commit message:

fix: attempt 3 - remove width constraints on mobile
- Force all containers to width: 100% on mobile screens
- Remove max-width from header, main, footer on mobile
- Ensure query section and inputs respect viewport width
- Reduce padding to prevent overflow

Testing conservative approach without viewport meta changes.

mobile-debug-attempts.md, after:

# Mobile Display Debug Attempts

## Problem Description
- The app displays correctly when desktop browser is resized to mobile dimensions
- On actual mobile devices (iOS/Android), the layout breaks with horizontal overflow
- The form inputs and table are cut off on the right side

## Key Observation
**This works in desktop browser responsive mode but NOT on actual mobile devices**, suggesting it's a mobile-specific viewport/rendering issue, not a CSS breakpoint issue.

## Attempts Made

### Attempt 1: Basic Responsive CSS (PARTIAL SUCCESS - kept some changes)
**Changes:**
- Added `box-sizing: border-box` globally
- Added `overflow-x: hidden` to html and body
- Added mobile media queries for padding reduction
- Set input font-size to 16px to prevent iOS zoom
- Added width: 100% and box-sizing to containers

**Result:** Some improvements but main issue persists
**Status:** Kept these changes as they're good practices

### Attempt 2: Viewport Meta Tag Changes (FAILED - reverted)
**Changes:**
- Changed viewport meta to include `maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no`
- Added `max-width: 100vw` to body, #root, and app-layout
- Added `position: relative` to html/body for Safari
- Changed table-layout from fixed to auto on mobile

**Result:** Made things worse - broke the layout
**Status:** Reverted with git revert

## Potential Solutions to Try

### Option 1: Minimal Viewport Approach
```html
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, minimum-scale=1.0">
```
- Don't restrict maximum-scale or user-scalable
- Let users pinch-zoom if needed

### Option 2: Container Query Approach
- Use container queries instead of viewport-based media queries
- This would make components responsive to their container size, not viewport

### Option 3: CSS Grid/Flexbox Refinement
- Remove all fixed/max-widths on mobile
- Use fr units for grid instead of fixed percentages
- Ensure flexbox items can shrink properly with flex-shrink

### Option 4: Debug with Safari DevTools
- Connect iPhone to Mac
- Use Safari Developer menu to inspect actual mobile rendering
- Look for computed styles that differ from desktop

### Option 5: JavaScript Viewport Detection
- Add JS to detect actual viewport size on mobile
- Apply different styles based on actual device detection
- Log viewport dimensions to see what mobile browsers report

### Option 6: Remove All Width Constraints on Mobile
```css
@media (max-width: 768px) {
    * {
        max-width: none !important;
        width: auto !important;
        min-width: 0 !important;
    }
    
    .specific-container {
        width: 100% !important;
    }
}
```

## Attempts in Progress

### Attempt 3: Remove Width Constraints (TESTING)
**Changes:**
- Added aggressive media query for mobile (max-width: 768px)
- Forces all major containers to width: 100% !important
- Removes max-width constraints from header, main, footer
- Reduces padding on mobile to 0.5rem

**Commit:** Not committed yet - testing first

## Next Steps
1. Try each solution incrementally
2. Test on actual device after each change
3. Keep what works, revert what doesn't
4. Consider that the issue might be with the table virtualization library
